---
title: Release Notes
---
Now that the November tournament period is over, it is time for the NetHack DevTeam to make NetHack 3.4.3 available. This is the third bugfix release for NetHack 3.4.  Version 3.4.3 contains dozens of general bug fixes (see `doc/fixes34.3`), as well as the following more specific items:

* Correct several inconsistencies
* Correct a potentially fatal bug caused by dropping loadstones
* Handle level completely filled with monsters better
* win32tty performance enhancements when playing on Windows 98 and Windows Me
* win32gui player selection fixes
* X11 player selection fixes, one of which could be fatal
* Eliminated a gold-in-shop-container cheat

A more complete list of changes for this release can be found in the file `doc/fixes34.3` in the source distribution.  The text in this file was written for the development team's use and is provided "as is", so please do not ask us to further explain the entries in that file.

The NetHack 3.4.3 source code supports many different platforms including most Unix versions.  In addition to source code support, we expect to supply binaries for Windows, DOS, Linux (tm), Apple Macintosh (tm), Apple Macintosh OS X (tm), OS/2 (tm), Atari (tm), Amiga (tm), Handheld PC Professional devices running Windows 2.11 or higher, PocketPC platform devices (Windows CE 3.0, PocketPC 2000 and PocketPC 2002), and Palm Size PC 1.1 devices running Windows CE 2.11.

To download the game, go to the NetHack website and download from the downloads page at <http://www.nethack.org/v343/downloads.html>.  Mirrors may be available in your area, or if your software doesn't get along with the primary site(s).

See the following web page for a current list of mirrors: <http://www.nethack.org/common/links.html#mirror>

Binaries for a given platform may take a day or so to become available.  Please be patient and don't log a problem report if a specific binary release isn't immediately available.

Also, note that the Gnome toolkit interface, despite continued work, is still considered an experimental option at this point in time.

Good news!  The internal structure of bones and save files has not changed between NetHack 3.4.0, 3.4.1, 3.4.2 and 3.4.3.  If you use the same compiler, the same compiler switches, the same NetHack compile-time options, and you have not incorporated any additional source code patches that altered the save file format on your system, then bones and save files from 3.4.0 through 3.4.3 should be compatible.

Official 3.4.3 binaries (those obtained from www.nethack.org or one of its mirrors) should be compatible with save and bones files created from official binaries for versions 3.4.0 through 3.4.2, at least in the forward direction (using save/bones files generated by 3.4.0, or 3.4.1, or 3.4.2 with 3.4.3 binaries).

If you're compiling yourself, you need to guard against clobbering existing save and/or bones files when using `make install`.

As with all releases of the game, we appreciate your feedback.  Please submit any bugs using the problem report sheet at <http://www.nethack.org/common/contact.html>.

Happy NetHacking!

For the DevTeam...

Mike Stephenson
