---
title: Release Notes
---
The NetHack DevTeam is pleased to announce the release of NetHack 3.4.1.

NetHack 3.4 is an enhancement to the dungeon exploration game NetHack.  It is a distant descendent of Rogue and Hack, and a direct descendent of NetHack 3.3.

NetHack 3.4.1 is a bugfix release for 3.4.0.

* Fix a few fatal errors including one for reentering shops, one involving land mines and boulders/statues, one for delayed polymorph, and one for chest traps blowing up a ball and chain
* Fix a buffer overflow that could lead to security problems
* Hundreds of general bug fixes
* Several message and other glitches corrected
* Travel command adjustments and ability to disable travel command
* message recall window extensions (by Christian Cooper)
* win32: some interface improvements
* unix: improved tile support
* gnome: some fixes, and some enhancements by Dylan Alex Simon
* Windows CE port included (by Alex Kompel)

A fuller list of changes for this release can be found in the file `doc/fixes34.1` in the source distribution.  The text in there was written for the development team's own use and is provided "as is", so please do not ask us to further explain the entries in that file.

The NetHack 3.4.1 source code supports many different platforms including most Unix versions.  In addition to source code support, we expect to supply binaries for Windows, DOS, Linux (tm), Apple Macintosh (tm), Apple Macintosh OS X (tm), OS/2 (tm), Atari (tm), Amiga (tm), Handheld PC Professional devices running Windows 2.11 or higher, PocketPC platform devices (Windows CE 3.0, PocketPC 2000 and PocketPC 2002), and Palm Size PC 1.1 devices running Windows CE 2.11.

To download the game, go to the NetHack website and download from the downloads page at <http://www.nethack.org>
Mirrors may be available in your area, or if your software doesn't get along with the primary site(s).
See the following web page for a current list of mirrors: <http://www.nethack.org/common/links.html#mirror>

Also, note that the Gnome toolkit interface is still considered an experimental option.  While we have not enhanced the port much ourselves, we have included some contributions from Dylan Alex Simon.

## A Note on 3.4.0 Bones and Save Files

The internal structure of bones and save files did not change between NetHack 3.4.0 and 3.4.1.  If you use the same compiler, and the same compile-time options, and you hadn't incorporated any additional patches into 3.4.0 that altered the 3.4.0 save file format on your system, then bones and save files from 3.4.0 should be compatible with 3.4.1.

Official 3.4.1 binaries (those obtained from nethack.org or one of its mirrors) should be compatible with save and bones files created from official 3.4.0 binaries, at least in the forward direction (using save/bones files generated by 3.4.0, with 3.4.1 binaries).

If you're compiling yourself, you need to guard against clobbering existing save and/or bones files when using `make install`.

-- Happy NetHacking! --
{: style="font-size:x-large;font-weight:bold;text-align:center"}
